main/main.md, before:

# [WIP] Unreal Source Explained

[toc]

## Initialization
unreal app is initialized via `FAppEntry::Init()`, no matter what platform.

### Class reflection data
Most (near all) `Z_Construct_UClass_XXX()` fuctions are called only in the initialization stage via `ProcessNewlyLoadedUObjects()`.
![](img/Class_reflection_data_allocation.png)

`Z_Construct_UClass_XXX()` are functions that construct the unreal "class reflection data". These functions' code are generated by macro in *Runtime/CoreUObject/Public/UObject/ObjectMacros.h*:

```C++
// Used for intrinsics, this sets up the boiler plate, plus an initialization singleton, which can create properties and GC tokens
#define IMPLEMENT_INTRINSIC_CLASS(TClass, TRequiredAPI, TSuperClass, TSuperRequiredAPI, TPackage, InitCode) \
	IMPLEMENT_CLASS(TClass, 0) \
	TRequiredAPI UClass* Z_Construct_UClass_##TClass(); \
	struct Z_Construct_UClass_##TClass##_Statics \
	{ \
		static UClass* Construct() \
		{ \
			extern TSuperRequiredAPI UClass* Z_Construct_UClass_##TSuperClass(); \
			UClass* SuperClass = Z_Construct_UClass_##TSuperClass(); \
			UClass* Class = TClass::StaticClass(); \
			UObjectForceRegistration(Class); \
			check(Class->GetSuperClass() == SuperClass); \
			InitCode \
			Class->StaticLink(); \
			return Class; \
		} \
	}; \
	UClass* Z_Construct_UClass_##TClass() \
	{ \
		static UClass* Class = NULL; \
		if (!Class) \
		{ \
			Class = Z_Construct_UClass_##TClass##_Statics::Construct();\
		} \
		check(Class->GetClass()); \
		return Class; \
	} \

    ...
```

## Memory Management

### Heap allocation
most of heap memory is allocated via `FMallocBinned::Malloc()`.
![](img/Heap_allocation.png)

`FMallocBinned` is in *Runtime/Core/Public/HAL/MallocBinned.h*, it's commentted as *"Optimized virtual memory allocator"*, 

### Global operator new
Only in Windows has global operator new, which means, unlike Unity, your code's new operator is not managed by the engine, and is just handled by the operating system.
```C++
#ifdef OVERRIDE_NEW_DELETE

	#if defined(_WIN32) || defined(_WIN64) || defined(WIN32) || defined(WIN64) || defined(__WIN32__) || defined(__WINDOWS__)
		#include <malloc.h>

		void* operator new(size_t size)
		{
			void* p = malloc(size);
			MEMPRO_TRACK_ALLOC(p, size);
			return p;
		}

		void operator delete(void* p)
		{
			MEMPRO_TRACK_FREE(p);
			free(p);
		}
        ...
	#endif
#endif
```

Commit message:

add link; fix analysis error

main/main.md, after:

# [WIP] Unreal Source Explained

[toc]

## Initialization
unreal app is initialized via `FEngineLoop::PreInit()`([link](https://github.com/EpicGames/UnrealEngine/blob/42cbf957ad0e713dec57a5828f72d116c8083011/Engine/Source/Runtime/Launch/Private/LaunchEngineLoop.cpp#L993)), no matter what platform.

### Class reflection data
Most (near all) `Z_Construct_UClass_XXX()` fuctions are called only in the initialization stage via `ProcessNewlyLoadedUObjects()`([link](https://github.com/EpicGames/UnrealEngine/blob/b4a54829162aa07a28846da2e91147912a7b67d8/Engine/Source/Runtime/CoreUObject/Private/UObject/UObjectBase.cpp#L983)).
![](img/Class_reflection_data_allocation.png)

`Z_Construct_UClass_XXX()` are functions that construct the unreal intrinsic "class reflection data". These functions' code are generated by macro in `IMPLEMENT_INTRINSIC_CLASS`([link](https://github.com/EpicGames/UnrealEngine/blob/0f9ad9685896e0581d0fe963034b1cb82b1a4e3b/Engine/Source/Runtime/CoreUObject/Public/UObject/ObjectMacros.h#L1604)):

```C++
// Used for intrinsics, this sets up the boiler plate, plus an initialization singleton, which can create properties and GC tokens
#define IMPLEMENT_INTRINSIC_CLASS(TClass, TRequiredAPI, TSuperClass, TSuperRequiredAPI, TPackage, InitCode) \
	IMPLEMENT_CLASS(TClass, 0) \
	TRequiredAPI UClass* Z_Construct_UClass_##TClass(); \
	struct Z_Construct_UClass_##TClass##_Statics \
	{ \
		static UClass* Construct() \
		{ \
			extern TSuperRequiredAPI UClass* Z_Construct_UClass_##TSuperClass(); \
			UClass* SuperClass = Z_Construct_UClass_##TSuperClass(); \
			UClass* Class = TClass::StaticClass(); \
			UObjectForceRegistration(Class); \
			check(Class->GetSuperClass() == SuperClass); \
			InitCode \
			Class->StaticLink(); \
			return Class; \
		} \
	}; \
	UClass* Z_Construct_UClass_##TClass() \
	{ \
		static UClass* Class = NULL; \
		if (!Class) \
		{ \
			Class = Z_Construct_UClass_##TClass##_Statics::Construct();\
		} \
		check(Class->GetClass()); \
		return Class; \
	} \

    ...
```

## Memory Management

### Heap allocation
Most heap memory is allocated via `FMallocBinned::Malloc()`([link](https://github.com/EpicGames/UnrealEngine/blob/517200ac3453d54b233c228a24e5060bc0439065/Engine/Source/Runtime/Core/Private/HAL/MallocBinned.cpp#L916)).
![](img/Heap_allocation.png)

`FMallocBinned` is in *Runtime/Core/Public/HAL/MallocBinned.h*, it's commentted as *"Optimized virtual memory allocator"*, 

### Global operator new
Only in Windows has global `operator new()`([link](https://github.com/EpicGames/UnrealEngine/blob/8951e6117b483a89befe98ac2102caad2ce26cab/Engine/Source/Runtime/Core/Public/MemPro/MemPro.h#L688)), which means, unlike Unity, your code's new operator is not managed by the engine, and is just handled by the operating system.
```C++
#ifdef OVERRIDE_NEW_DELETE

	#if defined(_WIN32) || defined(_WIN64) || defined(WIN32) || defined(WIN64) || defined(__WIN32__) || defined(__WINDOWS__)
		#include <malloc.h>

		void* operator new(size_t size)
		{
			void* p = malloc(size);
			MEMPRO_TRACK_ALLOC(p, size);
			return p;
		}

		void operator delete(void* p)
		{
			MEMPRO_TRACK_FREE(p);
			free(p);
		}
        ...
	#endif
#endif
```
